DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Play Nice, Runo!\"
RUNO: Ever since we came to the Doom Dimension
in search of Dan and Drago,
the Brawlers have been put through a series of tests
by the Six Legendary Soldiers of Vestroia
to see if we're worthy to help them save their home.
And now it looks like it's my turn!
TIGRERRA: Runo!
So where are we?
I'm not sure, but it looks like we're on our own...
Julie! Shun!
Marucho! Dan!
Anybody?
Helloooo!
[laughing]
Welcome my child, to the Enchanted Forest of Testing...
Understand I can see into your mind.
Your thoughts, your dreams,
your deepest, darkest secrets
and I can see through your lies.
You can hide nothing from me!
[laughter]
This place is creepy...
Yes, it is rather peculiar.
Hey wait!
Maybe we're making a big deal
about absolutely nothing!
I say we pick a direction and see if we can't find
where the other Brawlers are hiding.
Then I suggest you lead the way, Runo!
Okay...
now which way you think we should go?
THINKING: Oh man, I really wish Dan were here...
I sure bet he'd know what to do.
[gasp]
Hey there, kiddo...
How's it going?
Oh wow...
It can't be!
Runo honey...
What's the matter?
Why aren't you outside in the sunshine?
Don't wanna!
But why?
Because we just moved here
and there's no one to play with...
That's how come!
Well you won't make any friends
by just sitting inside.
Trust me, Runo...
[kids laughing]
THINKING: Boy, I hate moving.
I miss all my old friends so much!
[kids laughing and screaming]
I wish I was back at my old house...
And what's even worse...
there's no one to talk to...
Hey you! Kid!
Chuck back my ball?
I have a name, you know!
Yeah, tell someone who cares!
For your information...
the name's Runo!
Nice to meet you too...
Hey...
why don't you come on over and play, kid?
I said...
my name is Runo!
Yeah, whatever!
So you wanna play?
I've never played baseball before...
Oh, come on!
Throw the ball already!
'Kay... Here goes nothing!
Hey! Show me your stuff!
[laughing]
Here... it comes!
Strike one!
[Runo grunting]
DAN: Swing and a miss!
DAN: Swing and a miss! [laughs]
[crying]
[laughing]
Whoa kid, you sure are feisty!
I said... my name is Runo!
Right...
Well, give me a call when you learn to play...
Later! Nice meetin' ya, kid!
My name is RUNNNNOOOOO!
Got that?
Runo! Runo! Runoooo!
THINKING: Wait a sec!
He's the same kid from when I was little!
My name is Runo and if you ever call me kid again,
you're so history!
What's wrong, Runo?
That kid...
It's him...
He's a little creep, Tigrerra...
See ya!
[laughing]
Hey! No wait!
Where are you going?
[panting]
Now why...
did he just up and take off like that?
What's wrong, Runo?
And what's so important about this boy anyway?
Well... ah, I'm not exactly so sure myself...
Are you being straight with me, young lady?
Yeah... of course I am...
Are you looking for someone, my dear?
Ahh... hello!
I overheard your conversation.
Why yes, I'm looking for my friends...
Altogether there's four of them...
And for whatever reason,
I was sent out into this forest.
I see...
But are you sure it's your friends you're looking for
and not someone else?
Or maybe...
it is a little boy whom you seek?
Tell me, am I right?
Well, if I'm right...
Then you'll find him in that shack over there.
Ah, thanks a lot, lady...
Well...
I guess I better get going now...
What was that all about?
No clue, Tigrerra!
THINKING: Your soul is getting darker, my dear...
Very dark indeed...
Okay... so where is he?
I don't know if I should say anything,
but that old woman back there gives me the willies.
I detected a quality about her that's not quite...
well, human.
It's just your imagination...
She was just an old lady.
Hey! It's you again!
Ah... yeah!
So, you wanna battle?
What?
Didn't you follow me so you could battle?
Sorry, but ah...
I'm confused...
You mean you don't remember me at all?
I'm Danny...
But you just can call me Dan!
Wha? You're Dan...
But you don't mean that you're!
Yeah Dan!
That's me!
Live and in person!
Ain't I a cutie?
Hey then...
the brat I met when I was a little girl...
was really Dan!
For real?
I know it sounds weird, Tigerrra,
but a long time ago I met this kid in a park...
I never caught his name back then,
but now it all makes sense!
It was Dan!
Hmm...I can only guess that the Legendary Soldiers
have brought him back to this place...
But why?
Especially after all these years...
-My test. -That's it!
Which means...
I accept your challenge, Dan!
Alright!
Let's get busy!
You ready, Tigrerra?
Now's my chance for a little payback!
And now that I know it's Dan, we've gotta win!
He was so rude to me back then!
I'm in!
Sure Dan is my best friend...
but he's also my rival!
And I've gotta pass this stupid test!
You ready?
Yeah!
Gate Card Set!
This time you're going down!
I don't think so!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Haos Robotallian Stand!
BAKUPOD: New battle engaged.
Oh, and here I thought you of all people
knew how to play this game!
Bakugan Brawl!
Haos Hynoid Stand!
BAKUPOD: Hynoid has entered battle.
Should you be playing your high hand first?
Don't worry, Tigrerra...
I know exactly what I'm doing!
Hey, nice move, but it's my turn again!
Gate Card Open!
Haos Ravenoid!
Cheering Battle!
Take 'em down, Ravenoid!
BAKUPOD: Haos Ravenoid increases Hynoid to 420 G's.
Oh nice try Danny boy,
but now it's time for you to watch and learn!
Ability Activate!
Rapid Haos!
Go get 'em, Tuskor!
BAKUPOD: Power surge to 740 G's detected.
Wow, that is one wicked counter-move!
But too bad for you...
it's not good enough!
Ability Activate!
Ability Counter!
My move makes your Rapid Haos move useless!
Why you!
BAKUPOD: Counter move correction.
But-but that's impossible!
No! Something's wrong!
I should never have lost!
LARS LION: In your haste to win, you lost.
It's that simple, my dear...
Look, it's that old lady from before!
I smell a rat!
I am Lars Lion.
One of the Legendary Soldiers.
And my task is to break you of your stubbornness.
Stubbornness?
Listen and learn.
A Bakugan player must be more than confident.
They must be honest with themselves!
Hey, I know what I'm doing!
So why don't cha just back off?
Runo here!
And we'll be right back with more Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Now, back to the battle on Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Okay Squirt, ready when you are!
Alright, my dear.
Let the battle begin.
Dan, it's your turn to start this round.
You got it!
Bakugan Brawl!
Haos Ravenoid Stand!
BAKUPOD: New battle recognized.
Oh, give me a break!
Is that the best you can do?
Watch this, Tigrerra...
Slow down, Runo.
Not that I trust that old woman,
but you'd be wise to heed her words...
Hey, I know what I'm doing...
Now just back off, okay?
I've got this battle in the bag!
Don't let revenge blind you.
It will only take your focus off the task at hand!
I've waited for this forever!
And now it's payback time!
I have to win and that's that!
I don't think you're telling me everything, are you?
All you need to know is I'm gonna win!
Bakugan Brawl!
Tuskor Stand!
BAKUPOD: Tuskor has entered battle.
I'm counting on you, Tuskor!
Get it done!
Oh man, if you think you can win with that move,
you're off your rocker!
Hey, ya mind butting out, Dan?
Now to finish you off!
Gate Card Open!
Super Pyrus!
Oh no!
BAKUPOD: Advantage...Tuskor.
Opponent's powers have switched.
Tuskor leads by 10 G's.
[chuckle] Oh, you're an interesting one, Runo.
You make bold moves, but they are reckless.
And when advice is given,
you dismiss it without a second thought.
You must look inside yourself, child...
Otherwise, your future is rather bleak...
Hey lady... you're not the boss of me!
DAN: Too bad... your loss!
Ability Activate!
Spark Out!
[\u266a]
Looks like your Gate Card is pretty much useless!
And I'm up by 50 G's!
BAKUPOD: Recalculating Battle score.
What? Tuskor!
Oh no, I lost another battle!
I beg of you, Runo.
Take your time!
Use your head, not your heart in battle!
I've had enough of your advice!
I know what I'm doing, so just back off!
As long as you remain stubborn, child,
you will never win this battle.
It's that simple!
I am sick and tired of everyone harping on me!
Now let's finish this!
Here goes! Bakugan Brawl!
It's up to you, Haos Ravenoid!
You're up, Tigrerra... 'Kay?
Bakugan Brawl!
Tigrerra Stand!
RUNO: Gate Card Open!
Character Activate!
[loud roar]
Oh wow, that was a pretty sweet move!
Now it's my turn...
Bakugan Brawl!
Amateur!
Let's show 'em!
Bakugan Brawl!
Tigrerra Stand!
Gate Card Open!
[loud roar]
Hey there, Dan...
You impressed or what?
No, 'cause you just used up all your Gate Cards!
We now each have one Bakugan left.
So here's my question...
are you brave enough to continue the battle?
Something's weird...
I get the feeling he's got a trick up his sleeve...
Do you get that feeling too?
I've always had it.
Here goes nothing!
It's now or never, Runo.
Okay, time to finish 'em off!
Bakugan Brawl!
Lars Lion Stand!
I am Lars Lion!
The most powerful of Haos soldiers!
Observe as I show you how a Light Attributed Bakugan
should battle!
Holy cow!
We're done for!
What'd we do?
I wish I knew!
BAKUPOD: Lar Lion has entered battle at 500 G's.
This is your moment, Runo.
Do not enter this battle without a plan!
I've never battled without thinking ahead!
Whoa kid, you sure are feisty!
Making rash decisions will only lead to failure, Runo.
Tigrerra... I know!
I'm going to use my Lightning Tornado Ability
and finish this fight!
Are you sure?
Oh yeah, I'm sure!
Bakugan Brawl!
Tigrerra Stand!
So, you've come back for more.
What a stubborn little girl!
Ability Activate!
Sagittarius Arrow!
Oh no!
The most powerful Haos Ability!
Watch as the Golden Arrow brings forth the Haos Soldier!
BAKUPOD: Activated Arrow Ability
increases power to 1220 G's.
And there's more! Check this out!
Gate Card Open!
BAKUPOD: Sensing another power surge.
Wow, I've never seen a power level that high before...
Do some damage Robotallian!
Go get 'em Haos Ravenoid!
This battle is over!
You can never beat me, kiddo!
You just watch me!
Well, hope we can battle again sometime...
See ya!
He knew... we'd meet again...
But how would he be able to predict something like that,
especially when he was just a kid?
This is getting too freaky!
Tigrerra!
Noooo!
[Tigrerra groaning]
That's enough!
I'm sorry...
This is all my fault!
I'm so sorry!
It seems you're starting to learn your lesson...
Yeah...
I only thought about myself...
But putting you into danger like that,
was just me being stubborn...
Finish this battle...
Making rash decisions does have consequences
and now that you understand this,
the battle is yours to win!
Then you mean...
Yes.
Being true to yourself...
that is the key!
Do you understand?
Uh-huh... Now I get it...
Dan wanted to battle me...
As much as...
I wanted to battle him!
No matter how badly I treated him...
And even though he could be stubborn and rude,
all I would do is think about myself.
Yet through it all, Dan was always there for me!
Sayonara, Tigrerra...
It's all so clear...
I understand now...
We're friends forever, Dan!
[gasp]
Friends forever!
And nobody in this great big crazy world can change that!
Nobody!
You hear me? Forever!
No!
That a girl, Runo!
I'm proud of you!
LARS LION: The power! Incredible!
[Tigrerra roaring loudly]
Whoa, what's going on here?
BAKUPOD: Sensing Tigrerra Power Surge.
She's... evolving!
[loud roar]
Blade Tigrerra reporting for duty!
Is that... really you?
Once you realized your stubbornness,
it allowed me to evolve!
My Velocity Fang Ability!
It's the card that decreases my opponents power level
by 100 G's and cancels their Ability!
And now that you've allowed me to evolve,
I will finish this battle!
[loud roar]
RUNO: Ability Activate!
Velocity Fang!
Oh no! My Ability has vanished!
We're in trouble!
That means Robotallian and Ravenoid are toast!
[loud roar]
BAKUPOD: Power Reduction of 100 G's.
RUNO: We did it, Tigrerra!
We destroyed 'em!
LARS LION: I concede defeat...
You surprised me, young lady.
Now go.
Join your friends and tell them of your victory.
Especially Dan!
He will be so proud of you...
It was a blast, Runo...
Catch ya later!
Way to go!
You were awesome, Tigrerra!
And I really gotta thank you for teaching me not to be
so stubborn all the time!
And I have you to thank
for allowing me to evolve, Runo!
This is Drago, and so far...
Gorem... Preyas... Skyress... and Tigrerra
have all evolved after passing the tests
given to them by the Six Legendary Soldiers
of Vestroia.
Now it's my turn!
I must evolve even more...
and quickly, so I can become the Ultimate Bakugan.
But what will be my test?
Who will we face in battle?
And will Dan and I be able to make it
to the next level?
That's all on the next episode of Bakugan Battle Brawlers!